hey guys it's obably we're at the LCS
and I'm here with fly quest wild turtle
you guys just took down echo fox and you
had it your first two a weekend you said
what does it mean for you and your team
I think we're still taking it like step
by step like sure we got two oh but
we're still like three and seven so I
don't think we're necessarily or I don't
think we think we're a good team yet
like I think we do have lots to work on
and I'm glad all five of my players are
extremely motivated to get the win so
can you tell me a little bit about what
happened in those games where were you
guys able to push forward and take the
win from echo fox I guess echo fox we
had a really good game won I think we
were up like maybe to 3k and then we had
some throws here and there I was like
pretty strong that game but we ended up
ultimately throwing the game and I think
another thing we got out scaled but we
kind of gave him the game and I think
our mindset for game 2 in 3 was just to
have a more round calm and we were going
to try to like play more say play more
slow and because we had control the
first game and we played it really fast
that kind of threw the libres well
recently I've seen you bring out the
tristana in some of your games and we
saw it in this last series here does she
really fit with your play style right
now or she just your favorite right now
or what yeah I don't think she's she's
good I don't want to say she's like
extremely good but she's definitely good
for how I like to play and I guess how
our team likes to play so I think like
she kind of just works and I used to
play a lot of time back in the past I
don't think I'd practice it that much
going into this week but we kind of just
had seniors really where we could play
it so like we said this - first - a
weekend is this where we're going to see
fly Quest start their climb upwards I
would hope so but I still think we need
lots to work on and yeah I just think we
have lots to work out of that don't
expect this to become a great team
overnight and I think it just takes a
lot of weeks and training what
specifically do you have like a core
issue right now that you're focusing on
it's pretty much just getting everyone
on the same page Hawk calling oh so he's
being like that type of thing but
generally having trouble kind of like
holding ourselves back and taking stupid
fights pretty much and yeah I think
that's like one of our biggest core
problems perfect well that's all I had
for you is there anything that you'd
like to say to your flight quest fans
out there fly forever Oh
last question actually are you going to
Anime Expo for the rest of this way
I potentially might go money but I don't
think so I really love anime and I love
like enemy I said that I don't like
crowded places that much time I might
not go yeah we were there yesterday and
it was you could not move it was ten
times worse than III if you could go was
there a specific like booth or anime
that you wanted to see there
I usually just like studio ghibli stuff
so maybe like very waist up maybe
something like that that'd be cute I'll
I'll go look for it I'll send your
pictures if I find anything but turtle
thank you so much for this interview and
for everyone else you could check out
more of our interviews and coverage
right here hey guys thank you so much
for all of the overwhelming support Neel
Miguel
you guys are the greatest if you guys
would like to continue supporting me you
can check me out at awfully calm slash
support
is your driving a lot better enough